# CS255-System-Analysis-and-Design

## Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
 - The client for this project was DriverPass, more specifically Liam, the owner of DriverPass, and Liam, the IT officer. They wanted to design a system that provided driver training services. This system would incorporate practice tests and online classes as well as on the road training. It was a web-based system which allowed customers to log into their accounts, choose packages that suited them best and also allowed them to create appointments for on the road training tests where they would choose the time and where they would like to be picked up and dropped off. The system also kept track of the customer progress and drivers are able to comment on the on the road training session. 

## What did you do particularly well?
- I belive what I did particularly well is break down the business requirements really well as well as creating good system design diagrams. I really nitpicked every detail of the design and did a lot of outside research to better understand how to create a proper web based program that would feature what DriverPass was asking for. The system design diagrams were a lot of fun to create and it made you think a little differently depending on which diagram was created. It was a lot of fun to see everything come together as well as it did.

## If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
- The one part I would revise would probably be the use case diagram. I feel like it could have been more involved with more use cases and more relationship on the use cases. Even though I believe it was a very thorough overall design that encompassed the general functions of the system, I still think it could have been a bit more specific. 

## How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
- DriverPass created the idea of what they wanted to develop. The idea consisted of tending to the needs of users that require additional help in learning to drive and driving laws. Understanding that this company will be there to help their customers through this process means that user needs are of utmost importance to the company and when designing the business and system requirements it is important to adhere to the user needs. One of the best examples of doing so is how users can set up an appointment and choose where they can be picked up and dropped off at. We have to consider that not everyone can drive or have someone to drive them so DriverPass makes sure that they can come to you to help you learn. If a company such as DriverPass does not consider user needs than there is no chance it will succeed. 

## How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
- I approach software design through more of an object oriented design because I like to seperate entities in the software and then see how they work together and what each of them provides for the desing. When I analyze a system, I prefer to write out the functions of the system and the objects that would contain those functions. Looking at it from a programming point of view, I prefer to break it down to the bare bones and think about each particular function when designing a system then building up from that. 
